Fix Kueue metric metadata and add log collection (#24700)
DataDog/integrations-core: kueue/README.md

See the [sample kueue.d/conf.yaml][4] for all available configuration options.

### Log collection

The Kueue controller manager writes logs to its container output, which Kubernetes captures as container logs. Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. To enable it, see [Kubernetes Log Collection][12]. Logs are collected by the node Agent running on the node that hosts the Kueue controller manager, not by the Cluster Agent that runs this cluster check.

> Then, set the Kueue log configuration as an Autodiscovery annotation on the controller manager's pod template, so it survives pod restarts. Add it under `spec.template.metadata.annotations` of the `kueue-controller-manager` Deployment, or set `controllerManager.manager.podAnnotations` if you install Kueue with the Helm chart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After log collection has been enabled, set the Kueue log configuration as an Autodiscovery annotation on the controller manager's pod template. This allows it to persist despite pod restarts. Add it under `spec.template.metadata.annotations` of the `kueue-controller-manager` deployment, or set `controllerManager.manager.podAnnotations` if you install Kueue with the Helm chart:
```

```yaml
ad.datadoghq.com/manager.logs: |
  [
    {
      "source": "kueue",
      "service": "<SERVICE>"
    }
  ]
```

> This annotation targets the container named `manager`, which is the container name used by both the Kueue release manifests and the Helm chart. Replace `manager` with the name (`.spec.containers[i].name`) of your Kueue container if yours differs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This annotation targets the container named `manager`, which is the container name used by both the Kueue release manifests and the Helm chart. Replace `manager` with the name (`.spec.containers[i].name`) of your Kueue container if you use a different name.
```

[8]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
[10]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/containers/cluster_agent/clusterchecks/?tab=helm#configuration-from-configuration-files
[11]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/containers/troubleshooting/cluster-and-endpoint-checks/#dispatching-logic-in-the-cluster-agent

> [12]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/kubernetes/log/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[12]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/containers/kubernetes/log/
```

Reviewer: Minor update as this is the link it's redirecting to
